Fix bug in `StdStream.print` (#4180)
ponylang/ponyc: .release-notes/4180.md

## Fix unwanted indentation in `StdStream.print`

> When printing via `StdStream.print` strings containing the null terminator, the
> standard library was printing the string until the null terminator and then
> padding the printed string with space characters until the string size was
> reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When printing via `StdStream.print` strings containing the null terminator, the standard library was printing the string until the null terminator and then padding the printed string with space characters until the string size was reached.
```

> That behavior was introduced in release 0.12.0, fixing a left-over from when
> Pony strings were null terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That behavior was introduced in release 0.12.0, fixing a left-over from when Pony strings were null terminated.
```

> Now the `print` function is effectively printing every character in the string
> plus an ending newline character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the `print` function is effectively printing every character in the string plus an ending newline character.
```

> ## Fix unwanted indentation in `StdStream.print`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fix bug in `StdStream.print`
```

> When printing via `StdStream.print` strings containing the null terminator, the standard library was printing the string until the null terminator and then padding the printed string with space characters until the string size was reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When printing via `StdStream.print` strings containing null bytes, the standard library was printing the string until the first null byte and then padding the printed string with space characters until the string size was reached.
```

> That behavior was introduced in release 0.12.0, fixing a left-over from when Pony strings were null terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bug was introduced in Pony 0.12.0 while fixing a different printing bug.
```

> Now  `Stdstream.print` is effectively printing every character in the string plus an ending newline character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've fixed the bug so that printing strings with null bytes works as expected.
```

> Now  `Stdstream.print` is effectively printing every character in the string plus an ending newline character.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this is supposed to mean. What is "effectively printing"? Does "effectively" here mean "more or less"? If yes, that would be a disturbing release note and I think it should be rewritten.

I would rewrite this, but I'm not sure what the intent is...

> Now the `print` function is effectively printing every character in the string plus an ending newline character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now  `Stdstream.print` is effectively printing every character in the string plus an ending newline character.
```
